Save your money and never buy from this sham of a company. I purchased this phone after doing extensive research on what kind of phone I wanted, and this one fit the bill best, so I was excitedly waiting for it to arrive. Activating it on my network wasn't a problem, but I had nothing but problems from then on. For starters, the battery must have been bad because the battery died at a rate of 20-25% per hour during normal use texting and browsing Pinterest. There was a hardware defect in the camera causing permanent blue confetti-like lines in all my photos. When the phone was on the home screen, it would at least once a day vibrate harshly and make a loud noise reminiscent of tuning an old tv to a static channel. I was worried it was going to explode, honestly. I emailed the company around 3pm the day I received the phone about the camera issue and got an automated message saying they were unavailable and to try back during normal business hours. A few days later (around 1pm on a week day) when I had discovered the other defects, I called them. After being put automatically on hold for literally 5 minutes, I got an automated "We're busy or you called during non-business hours. Call again Mon-Fri, 9-5". I'd be flabbergasted to learn they actually employ people for customer service because I only got repeated automated messages. There is nothing "Certified" about this company's products, and the only thing that might be "Refurbished" was the packaging. Take your business elsewhere. I bought a new device from a different vendor after returning this one and am much happier.
Phone freezes all the time, screen goes black and is unresponsive to anything other than a soft restart. Only discovered after buying you need a separate gateway to get it to work with Alexa ,most connect directly through the app ,I'm sure it's a great product once you buy the gate way but that adds to the cost of set ups. Totally not for me return refund no problem amazon cool like always
Unfortunately needed to return these as they need a specific hub to work, wanted them to go with my echo dot
This product will only work with Amazon Echo when you spend a further £50 on a separate hub!,
THIS IS NOT ALEXA COMPATABLE ON ITS OWN!
Really disappointed as Amazon ar normally on top of this.
Now I need to find Alexa compatable plugs etc
Ordered 2 and one is perfect condition just like new! The other one has 2 small scratches on the side. 1 month after use, the screen on one side is darker... and my boyfriends phone cracked by just being in his pocket. do not buy this phone, spend a little more for brand new.
Phone was completely defective. Had a hard time to switch on the phone. And once it was switched on, it got restarted every 2 min. Wasted full day on this phone. And now, it gets to old situation again where the phone is not able to switched on. These are very unreliable. They loose contact with the wifi and all your timings go to pot!
Installed it no problem, worked fairly problem free... and then the bulb blew which took out the switch!
Well first of all, the item arrived 5 days later than expected.. when I finally got it I found out the phone has an iCloud lock and it turns out I have to pay more to unlock it... till this day I do not know if the phone works or not because my iTunes cannot activate it. I have Tmobile and ATT cards which specified that it would work with I do not know if it's a sim problem or iCloud problem like most people and researc tells me.
Poor quality.. had to replace the battery and adjust the time settings several times. Contacted seller but refused to assist.
Mouse has stopped working and even after a hard reset still no mouse function. Less than 2 months old
All well as expected, except for the power supply. The way this chromebook charges is via an extremely thin metal rod. Subsequently, I now do not have a working computer as it shorted out and fried the motherboard because the thin rod used for charging snapped off during operation. My recommendation is to look at other options for Chromebooks if you are able to.
I brought 2 of the chrome books and one worked great and the other one was ok till after 3 weeks of having it, some of the buttons stop working. Never will I ever buy a refurbished anything.
Do not buy. They do not come ready to use. You have to sit on the phone with Samsung support to the them wipe off whoever's Info is still on the computer.
This product is not as advertised. The shorts are disproportionately long and the material is thin. I have requested a return but they won't send a return label even though it says Free returns. They have only offered a 20% refund and I can keep the product. That is not what I requested and the product is unwearable. I do not recommend this product.
This item arrived a week late and was in no way what I was expecting. The material is mostly polyester and has a sheen to it that I did not like. The stripes were larger than the pictures, making it look like a prison jump suit. The stripes on the bottom do not line up. There is no way I could wear this in public. It is make out of the same material you'd get if you bought a cheap costume. It is pretty bad. Just a waste of money
I ordered this based off measurements as suggested and the item I received when I tried this on was laughable. There was no extra room in the midsection to display that slight fold over the waistband look. It was just an adult onesie with a drawstring.
I purchased this console for my boyfriend, and within three days of setting it up, we started getting error codes. Then the Xbox randomly started shutting off and not turning back on. After two weeks it was basically unusable. I returned it with no problem and received the replacement a few days later. Unfortunately, we had the EXACT same issues with them next console so we returned it for a full refund. i have never had any previous issues with electronics from Amazon, so I was very surprised to have problems with these.
Y'all really just sent me a broken Xbox One X. It wont turn off and I dont want to just unplug it from the power source. This isn't even a slight issue like cosmetic damage or anything. Pointless. Good idea but just too expensive for what you receive.
Reviews said I would get better graphics than my ps4 and it is 4hd. What's not to like? Due to poor internet access I have a four hour window to use this machine and Microsoft then demands a update immediately. So the box does what the master says. And I am locked out until it complete. My experience might be better if I was closer to a cell tower but I think not. FYI won't play movie discs unless connected to the net. Microsoft needs to know all. Goodwill is going to get a early Christmas presents.
When I bought this, I was starting to draw digitally for the first time. My first impression was the product is much smaller than it looks, about the size of my hand, but I still had high hopes. I immediately tried drawing with it- and I was unpleasantly surprised. It guessed half of the line I drew. When I tried steadying my hand and turning up the stabilizer on the art program, It scarcely made a difference. I ended up drawing half of it with my computer mouse. I eventually gave up after the cord bent and barely fit inside of the tablet anymore. (it was only a few weeks). Also, the glove, the only thing I still use from the product, is pretty large on my small hands. I can still use it, but I would think it would be even harder for an 11/12 yr old. It was very tedious and difficult to use. I chose this tablet because it was cheap and I was on a budget, but its worth it to pay an extra 30 dollars for a quality tablet.
I purchased this item to use in Photoshop. I am a photographer and I need to make fine detail edits that my mouse only messes up. I am quite disappointed in this product. Made no difference
Did not receive a dosing ball with the washing liquid?
Not allowed to mention the state of the packaging when it arrived apparently but product seems decent

First the manual was not clear on set-up. I had looked under my task bar for the configuration screen. I tried the feature to practice pressure, but it was awful. 
The plugs look less expensive than other options, but you need to buy the hub which is around £50. So 3 plugs = £70ish rather than around £45ish.
One hub can serve many plugs but the issue is that the hub needs to be close to the plugs. Switching is unreliable between rooms.
Also, unlike other smart plugs, there is no feedback as to which one is off/on. So, if your "off" fails, the hub has sent out the off, thinks the plug is off when it is actually still on.
Looks like a cheaper option but it isn't and I'd not recommend. Better to use genuine smart plugs. Not happy. Parcel had leaked everywhere. Lost quarter of the bottle.
Arrived leaking all over the box


I spent an hour trying to write with the pen, and I got no where. My handwriting, if it would write, was worst than a doctors and even more than those credit card screens you write on when purchasing in stores. I tried calligraphy in GIMP program and all it did, if it would do anything was loose tools, and make dots. This is not why I purchased, or needed this item as my mouse does that already.

I need to make fine details and couldn't get this pen to work at all. The cursor was all over the place even after resizing in the configuration. I seen a lot of YouTube videos and the reviews were 50/50. 
Not clear hub required.
Full refund from Amazon. Thought it connected directly to Alex. Too much bother.
Returned item. Bought to go with Amazon Echo but is NOT compatable

Why is the one from Amazon so expensive at £25 plus ? Can't use them without another piece of kit which is not explained anywhere. Useless otherwise so be prepared to spend more money. Disapounted as looks like i now need to buy a router and there £52 very expensive as plugs have just cost me £20
More hardware needed to use with Alexa. Impressed with Amazon returns though.

In my image, the wide lines were made by mouse, the dots if I could get any are from the Huion.I hate these pants. it is my fault for not paying attention to the material in the description, they're extremely thin see-through and they feel like cheap nylon. They are way overpriced. I could see these tearing so easy. They really look like curtains from the 1980s. I know they're supposed to be wide leg as well but these are gigantic. I'm 5-6 125 and the small is big on me. Usually have to order a medium in pants.
Wow, these are just awful!! First off they look nothing like the picture. The photo on Amazon shows a nice black waist band, the appearance in the picture makes it look like a soft cotton. Now way down in the description it does say polyester which I didnt see until now but either way it is not at all like the picture. The black band is really a weird gray and white marble looking color. The whole thing looks EXACTLY like Halloween costume material, literally have striped pirate pants that look about the same. They are very thin. I got a size small and it will work but they're pretty big. Cheap cheap cheap material, definitely not to be worn in the winter, total waste of money and based on that picture FALSE advertising, not worth it trust me.
I love the print on many of the fabrics offered and decided that I'd order plain black for runs to the store. The majority of my pants were XXL bc I'm 5'11" with a 35" inseam and I could pull off the larger size on top with the drawstring while having plenty of material that draped at my ankles. Imagine my surprise when the black pair arrived, XXL, and was a good 4.5" shorter than my other pants!! I couldn't believe it, and checked the size tag several times to make sure. So! I'm VERY disappointed. These are going back.
5th Edition seeks to make things simpler than previous editions, while maintaining the spirit of true Dungeons & Dragons. This book reminds more of Pathfinder than anything. Its purpose seems to only confuse players (and DMs!) with further stats and numbers to keep up with. At this rate, if you're a math-number savvy person who loves that kind of game, I would rather recommend Pathfinder, which is truly made to be played in complexion. Keep 5th edition clean and simple, I say. Nothing wrong with homebrew, but only if it enhances the experience. This book seems to do the opposite; it bogs and slows down the game, requires DMs to memorize or look up way more numbers, and it simply isn't worth the effort.
Never works, battery sign always comes up always turns itself off when doing a measurement.
I really wouldn't waste my money on this piece of rubbish. It works really well when it actually chooses to connect to bluetooth but to get it to actually connect is another issue entirely. Thoroughly regret spending the extra money.
Unreliable. Often does not measure correctly. Frustrating to use. Resets often when measuring.
Do not buy!! Doesnt work app doesn't connect via Bluetooth to neither Sony or apple devices (tried multiple including tablet) chooses when to work and when not to and I have read the manual to check I was doing it right. Very annoyed it has only worked properly 4 times in last 3 months and I do a lot of home visits so trusty tape measure ends up coming out.
I do not enjoy writing negative reviews but this device has never worked correctly. I should have returned it but instead kept buying different batteries to try and make it work. The predominant problem is that it shuts itself off as soon as I start measuring jobs up. it is not only annoying but makes me look poorly prepared in front of clients. I try turning it back on, perhaps manage one or two more measurements for it to turn off again. Battery shows full power. it is just glitchy!!!!
Just square cover,small too much.
Nice machine but not good for gaming, play stutters costantly. very disapointing for cost i paid..
very bad heart release， asus laptops have more problems than other brands
Do not buy at these ridiculous scalping prices!!!
do not swallow the bait, do not get fooled by nVidia's sales.
2080 - overpriced! same or slower! than 1080Ti in many of the benchmarks - overheats! too.
Pointless RTX , no games and nVidia hides the benchmarks.

nVidia wants you to buy a 1080ti instead, at outrageous prices for a two years Old technology, because they're STUCK with hundreds of thousands of old 1080ti chips.

do not buy either, WAIT for AMD NAVI 7nm cards, do not feed the nVidia monopoly.
I have several SanDisk micro SD cards and they work very well. No complaints at all. Never this size though (256GB). I had difficulty from the start. I copied a lot of video and audio files for an holiday. I never could get them copied; there would be errors part way through the copy. I tried different laptops, desktops, phones. All experienced some kind of problem. Thinking there was a problem with my equipment, I went on holiday and forgot about it. Recently, I tried to get it to work again, and read the reviews. I saw someone contacted SanDisk for an RMA. So, I contacted SanDisk and they informed me that I had a counterfeit SD card - it was not a true SanDisk product. I never thought I would have to worry about counterfeit products from Amazon! I am glad that I can still trust SanDisk products. After reading the other reviews, I see I am not the only one that got caught by this. I will attempt to return to Amazon although it is past the return date.
I purchased this in December 2017. It failed in November 2018. Sandisk have since replaced it FOC but only a one time replacement. Their email stated “ would like to explain that the card you are using is not built for applications that require constant read and write operations like car cameras, security cameras, bootable drives etc. For these kinds of applications, we recommend using High Endurance series cards, which can last thousands of hours even when used with operations like this.
SANDISK HIGH ENDURANCE VIDEO MONITORING microSD CARD

We will replace your card as a one-time courtesy for you but if you decide to use the card in car camera or a similar application, we will not be able to replace the card again.”

I therefore will use a different provider in future as their memory cards aren't as solid as you'd expect.

Granted the dashcam records over it self. But to only last a year is a joke. I have had cards I use in my cameras for over 5 years now. They still work perfectly.I use this in a dashcam and it has now failed. It is not covered under SanDisk warranty due to this ridiculous get-out clause on their site which covers pretty much EVERY device anyone would ever use these for:

This warranty does not cover use of the Product in connection with the following uses or devices : (i) normal wear and tear, (ii) video monitoring, security, and surveillance devices, (iii) internet protocol/network cameras, (iv) in-car recording devices/dashboard cameras/black box cameras, (v) display devices that loop video, (vi) continuous recording set top box devices, (vii) continuous data logging devices like servers, or (viii) other excessive uses that exceed normal use in accordance with published instructions.

All this despite the Amazon page clearly stating:
- UHS speed class U1 and speed class 10 for Full HD video recording and playback

Very disappointing reliability from such a big player in the market... 
I was extremely disappointed with this item and I am surprised that Casio have put their name to it. It has a very cheap and tacky feel, the sort of item you might buy in a pound shop. This alarm is ok if you want to get up at an approximate time but is useless if you want to set an accurate time; for example, if you want to get up at 8am the alarm may go off at 7.40 or sooner! The alarm makes the same sound as a typical kitchen timer. Basically it simply isn't dependable. I received a refund. Please read the other one and two star reviews before buying one; I made the mistake of not doing so.

I have given this clock one star for the sole reason that it is actually a clock.... the luminous hands and numbers are terrible though are visible for about a minute if you are lucky and then only if you hold it right in front of your face.
We bought this to use in our nursery so we can see the time without putting any lights on but this clock has turned out to be next to useless for this
This a nice and compact alarm clock. However, I bought it specifically to see the time at night time and this alarm clock is terrible at doing this. I have tried putting it under the bright daylight​ for the whole day or under the direct flashlight for several minutes and the effect is the same - it stays bright in the dark for a couple of minutes, and in 10 minutes you cannot see anything at all.
This clock is very loud. It does not have a sweep hand motion as claimed, it ticks at a very audible volume!
Woke up on first morning of use to find the middle of the clock had melted. The second had had curled up and the clock face warpped.....
1 star given as it is functional as a clock in the day. It does NOT glow in the dark. When put under a bright light for 5hrs it glows in the dark for maybe an hour. Bought for baby nursey so I do not have to light up the room turning my phone on to check time. do not buy.
I changed the batteries a thousand times and still in a few days it'd be minutes behind. Had to throw it away.
AVOID THIS PRODUCT AND SELLER!

Product is cheaply made and stopped working after only 2 weeks.

I purchased the Energenie Hub with 3 plug adapters as a bundle to control them from my new Alexa Echo.

They are very slow to react to the commands unlike other sockets I have around the house and now the hub just flashes a red error light and the reset button doesn't work.

All in all this is cheaply made and not worth the plastic it sits in.

Amazon seem to have changed their process for contacting the seller to complain so you have to return items at your own expense, which is more hassle than it's worth so ordering more of the other products I already have which do work!
Old Kindle not holding its charge after just over a year. Charging socket getting difficult to connect up with. Too flimsey. Anyway ordered a replacement, even after saying I'd never buy another Kindle. Well what do you know, new unit arrived today. Charged it up. Go to set up and unit will not connect to wifi. This will be my sixth Kindle fire. But it is so disappointing that the quality of the finished product is so far behind the promise of the products online promotion. I do like the Kindle product, but with every new generation it seems Amazon are over stretching themselves. Great idea. Poorly executed. Quality not up to the standard of product you would expect at these prices. I have asked for an exchange, hopefully this will function straight out of the box. New unit arrived and connected up to WiFi straight away. However having trouble transferring music files to new to new kindle. Keeps disconnecting before file transfer is completed. Old smaller kindle still works with same files, so appears to be bug in operating system on new device. As i have already said. These devices get worse with every generation.
The tablet itself is a perfectly acceptable piece of hardware. it is what Amazon put on it that's the problem. I paid extra to avoid the "Special Offers". Despite this, an advert appeared on first start-up. After that, I have had several Amazon adverts pop up. It is a shame that Amazon behave in such a dishonest manner. The tablet comes with other annoying features. I wanted to install the free Firefox browser. Amazon wanted my credit card details to allow this. Fortunately, Google Play can be installed with a little perserverance and is happy to allow free apps to be installed without a credit card. All in all, a decent piece of hardware ruined by Amazon's greed and contempt of their customers.
Bought this tablet because of good reviews. It is terrible user unfriendly. you have the adds all over the tablet. it makes it really a pain. like apple is a problem to get things that are from other sources other than Amazon. It is a terrible choice. you should buy something from Samsung because although their tablets are more expensive they are good and user friendly and can install any programme without problems.
Could have been a great product, sadly let down with very poor wifi connectivity which is widely reported about on the internet.
If you intend buying an Alexa device to play music through you need to be aware that Amazon only permits you to use your £3.99 monthly subscription for ONE device. If you add another Alexa device you will not be able to play your Amazon Music with it unless you upgrade your monthly subscription to £9.99 or £15.99 if you would like your music played simoustainaly through two or more devices. Amazon doesn't tell you this when you purchase Alexa devices, so be warned.
Yes, we were caught out by this. We now have four Google devices (which are much netter quality and cheaper than Amazon products) and can play/stream music (Spotify) thought as many Google devices as we choose, singularity or combined. The software is much better than Amazon's and can be accessed and used from any enabled device, including a PC or Mac computer. Spotify is just £0.99 for the first three months, and then £9.99 per month. At the time of writing Google devices are practically half price.
Worked fine for the first few days, and since then the sound quality has been slowly deteriorating and has now become so distorted the product is basically unusable. It seems to be a faulty unit.

I contacted Amazon to arrange returning it for a replacement. I recived a response saying that a few customers had experienced similar issues and engineers were working on a fix, and that I need to allow them time to come up with a solution instead of returning it now.

Looking on Amazon the product is showing as out of stock, with more due on the 29th of january, to me this now looks like there is a problem with the echo dot 3rd gen and Amazon have had to stop selling them while they get new units made and into stock.

This now leaves me with a basically useless product for 2 months while I have to wait for new ones to come in. Really not impressed with this Amazon. I have not been able to use this item.
The app is not intuitive for a 75 year old.
Why no simple step by step written instructions ?
I connect to the device OK then it says refer to the app which I have down loaded.
It tells me my phone number in connected to another account.
How could I have purchased the item in the first place if this is so ?
How is it that I can access my account on my lap top but denied on my phone when using the same details? Smart looking good delivery service had to return it as it kept turning it self off after 15
-20 mins beware amazon replaced this product with one with the same problems. On checking a few forums it seems that I am not the only one to suffer the radio and music streaming problems replacement device turned it self off after 25mins. Sort it out Amazon to prevent other customers having there hopes dashed.I have had 2 2nd generation Echo Dots for well over a year without any problem. I purchased 3 x 3rd generation Dots and already one of these has packed up. It hisses and crackles when playing back music. I have asked for a replacement but Amazon cannot replace as out of stock. Pretty poor quality product and very poor service considering they were bought for Christmas gifts!!
Bought for husband for Christmas. My husband has a extensive collection of songs on his iphone with Apple music. BEWARE: This product does NOT support APPLE music so you cant play your apple music using ALEXA. So its going back unfortunately. ( you can only play music through Alexa using Amazon music or spotify and my husband doesnt want to start again with his collection) . The plus side is it looks good, sounds good, had to get my daughter to help set it up though as i found it hard work. So only one star as useless to us.
Bought this for my husband as a Christmas present - and after two days of frustration, he gave up and rang for help. The agent has been very patient and trying to transfer the item to HIS account, but it still wont connect to hubby's devices... All it keeps saying in God knows HOW many languages is... 'Download the Alexa App' - DUH... wei have done that! Giving up and sending it back!!!
Screen is far from bright enough. It just looks dull and washed out, which misses the mark for an LED UHDTV... my old Samsung 1080p LCD is about 2-3 times brighter.

If you increase the brightness to try and remedy:
A) It's not actually brighter, just more exposed
B) Blacks turn grey...
First of all The quality of the Tv is very poor cheaply made plastic. It says 4K but i have tried x box one s, PS4 pro and amazon stick 4K but the Tv can not support any them devices basically it's not even 4K. The sound quality is poor you have to buy a speaker
Unable to tune tv to receive BBC Channels otherwise would be 5 star review.
When you switch HDMI cannels the screen goes off and will not turn on, you have to unplug it. Looking for a refund!
 Do not buy this tv. Had numerous problems with it since day one. Crackling audio on had channels, randomly changes inputs when not promoted. Phillips said they would arrange to swap but never got back in touch. Cheaply made DO NOT BUY. I imagined the picture quality and sound would be great. Its very quite even at its highest and blurred picture.
I was really disappointed with this TV.
Having worn this continually for years now, I can tell you categorically it is not the real deal. It smells nothing like it. it is either a knock-off or it is gone bad.
Worst perfume I have ever purchased. Smells like talcum powder and soap mixture.
This looks like the real deal but it is smell is not the same. This is certainly a fake, albeit a good fake.
Hi unfortunately i don have a good thing to talk about this product . I bought 3 and when when i realised that all of them were fake . i went to boots store to compare the smell and this smell is very weak comparing to the real. I am sending back to Amazon way and i want may money to refund.
Compared to an older bottle (bought at a UK high-street retail), this is a darker colour, smells different, the label affixed to the bottom is different, and doesn't particularly last that long either. Really disappointed with the product and question the authenticity of it. May be a bad batch, but I note there's some similar reviews also. Wouldn't order again and have filed for a refund.
Lovely colour... if you only want to us it once. Literally managed to cover up by dark under eyes and a small spot on my chin. I was squeezing extra hard to get the last bit out for my spot. Wasn't even half full. Shame as product is nice texture and nice colour but nothing in the tube!
Product was so dried up there was very little left to actually get out of the tube.This horrible, waist of money
Received yesterday and opened to used it but nothing came out. It's appears the concealer inside had somehow dried up
Felt so offended after standing there we just left. Waited for atleast 5 minutes. The personel just stood there chatting with eachother and making faces to us. Disgrace.

I am usually ok with Rimmel concealer but this was awful ! Too runny and gave me a breakout ! Certainly didn't do the job as a two in one !
I had high hopes for this, but mine arrived like it had already been used! As you can see from the photo the tube has already been opened there is no seal, also I can squeeze the tube ALOT and nothing comes out, so it is either dried up or empty through usage. I also got sent some awful coloured samples....probably to make up for the concealer being no use to me.

This is so similar to the 'wake me up' foundation I do not know why i have spent out on this when all I needed to do was use my foundation! I assumed a concealer would have more coverability but if anything it covers less than the foundation does. Maybe you're paying for the stick applicator & the stuff inside is just foundation? Disappointing.
It burns and barely has any coverage, it also irritated my eyes a bit and made them red >:( really disappointed.
Unsealed and cannot get any product out of tube. Appears to be empty!
When it arrived there was mascara on the outside of the tube.
I ordered 'True Ivory' as I have been buying this same item from boots and superdrug, in the same shade for 2 years now. The colour is totally inaccurate. It is at least 2 shades darker. I will not be ordering again as it is obviously not a genuine item
This watch is not worth the money you pay. It is very cheap looking. In fact I paid a lot less for another smartwatch and it looks more expensive than this one.
Not worth £60 never mind £220 cheaply made with poor quality materials clock face screens are toy quality not as I expected the leather strap is very thin leather stuck onto plastic battery life seams ok worn it for 2 days and icon is still full
Product seems ok. However the app is not fit for purpose. As a standalone watch may be fine but for a smart watch it wont let you link as wont let you set up an account. Returned straight away. Avoid

Bought this for my wife, thinking it'd be a great fitness tracker. The touchscreen is horrible, works in one small place only, and you have to use quite a bit of force to get it going.

I bought mainly based off the prior reviews for this watch, and i'm now questioning their validity.

I started looking into this item then out of interest. The watch is listed as having a huge discount - price tracking websites show that the watch was never full price to begin with.

I then discovered that the exact same watch is also for sale here on Amazon under a different company, for a cheaper price. They even use the same mobile app. The only difference is the watch band, but the core product is exactly the same.

I returned the product based on all of the above. I cannot stand dishonesty and would question any level of support that would be available should something go wrong with the device. This is an Amazon Select product too, and Amazon would want to do a little research prior to endorsing items such as this
Product failed after 8 weeks of use, the back fell off a supposedly ip68 rated watch
Seller did refund the 15 pound cost of this. That said parts from a few back ans forth messages I'm still 4 weeks later without a product I legitimate paid for.

i have had no update on the repair or what's even being done.

Stay away ans go a main dealer, lesson learned. Really good looking, quality watch. Screen is very clear, touchscreen works well and the changeable straps are a great feature. I really liked the look and feel of this watch, and I really liked having a round smartwatch other than the usual square ones.

However! I bought it partly to use as a fitness tracker, and it just isn't good at that. Google Fit is pretty terrible on the iPhone, and the Watch OS app is really basic. The pedometer itself is WAY off, I'd say by a good 20-30% in comparison to my old Garmin and my iPhone, so I'm returning it. It's too expensive for it to be so inaccurate.
Disappointing. The watch was bought as a Christmas present for my wife. She has been happy with it until very recently when after less than 4 months of owning it the back of the watch came off and is hanging loose after removing it from the charger.
Font size so small as to make it almost unreadable.
The cardboard was unadapted to the items, so the general quality was poor...
Except this the item was delivered in time and with all of the books.
I bought two sets as presents for my friends. I was shocked to see that both of them were damaged! Torn casing...bought this for my nephew who is a massive fan but when he recieved it, the casing for the books was torn down one side.
Beautiful looking when you can actually see whats going on most of the time your in complete darkness trying to work out where to go fights are verging on the impossible you will die many many frustrating times ok if you buy cheap but dont believe the hype
As stated by other buyers, game has come with yellow “not to be sold separately” on back and front cover. Not a UK release and looks as though it was part of a bundle.
The item appears to be from a bundle that means in cannot be sold separately and it appears to be a version from another country due to the other language in the corner, and back of the case.
This product came with “not to be sold separately” on package clearly not a new item.
Ordered Intel core i7-8700 320GHz, Received an Xeon, as you can see from the photo, underneath the black print you can clearly see Xeon. Returned it immediately.
Debugging revealed the CPU was faulty out the box :( And this was a replacement after the first never arrived. Just came with the fan and no cpu... nice. Rubbish . Bought two cpus broken out off the box and broken
Sealing seemed already open and sticker ''i7-8700k, LGA1151, didn't seem legit, very superficially printed and last thing that changed my mind was the print on the top of the metal cover OF THE CPU was like graved in with laser not printed with dark ink if I'm correct; (when I was looking over internet didn't see anything like that)! 
Absolute waste of time seller is a messer item did not exist
seal was broken when received and was damaged, the processor was also orientated the wrong way around in the box. This is clearly second hand.
Not sure what to say, lost money temporarily (about 10 days) and no new pc build for work purposes. Has to order elsewhere in meantime, down around £650 right now, with nothing to show for it.
SCAM
It is a SCAM!!!!
Should have read the comment section. My bottle was broken the liquid got out inside the box. The opening lid is squished inside. Very poor. Think twice before you order.
Received today ,was in plastic bag ,wash liquid leaked out ,looking at label looked like it had leaked for while, have cancelled future order
The bottle had been placed upside down in box and had leaked while in transit not happy and will not be ordering again that item.
Bottle had popped before arriving it had leaked all over the place
Received my first 2080 unit a month ago, it stopped working after 2 weeks (did not turn on or charge)
t stopped booting after 2 months - goes into endless loop with Huawei logo. This appears to be a common problem when I googled it - hard drive apparently! Called Amazon who connected me to Huawei - rather dour lady agreed to send me a package in which to return the laptop. Few days later a jiffy bag arrived into which said laptop wouldn't fit because jiffy bag was too small (yes really) - there was also a letter saying I had to 'securely wrap your device with protective materials' which of course wasn't possible. So I called Huawei UK spoke to lady who spoke to their sub contract repairers - sadly they didn't have any larger postal packages. Remember we have gone past April Fool's day ! . So she suggested I use the return label and go and buy a larger jiffy bag - also remember we are talking about a £1500 premium laptop. In the end I have used an Amazon box from a previous delivery with mucho bubble wrap - selling on E Bay has taught me a thing or two about wrapping expensive electronics items. However I am completely underwhelmed by the somewhat 'noddy' approach by Huawei and its' sub-contractor - I now wish I had stuck to HP. My message is therefore to avoid Huawei at all costs - not only has a premium laptop failed after a couple of months but the support process appears to be mickey mouse ! Goodness only knows what will happen when said sub-contractor attempts to repair it - what could possibly go wrong ?? Answers on a very large piece of paper …..
This computer was expensive. I have spent time setting up one drive migrating files loading software etc to find out that the battery life is less than 3 hours on a full charge.


The joining instructions were poor and it rained heavily so we missed the guide . We waited as per the instructions and we think the guide never checked the outside space because they would have got wet doing so
We lost the money we paid for the trip
Having visited very many churches and cathedrals in France, Spain, England and Italy this was a major disappointment. We queued for 1.5 hours to get in having been very impressed with the architecture and size of the exterior the previous day. The interior is bare with only the main alter and no seating allowed. No sign of opulence or grand paintings. do not waste your time queuing there is plenty more to see in Florence. By the way lots of places like museums close on a Monday.
