I have had no issues with software or drivers since receiving this laptop, all of the Windows updates went smoothly without breaking any software, and the display is very good, with bright whites, good viewing angles and decent contrast.
This laptop can run pretty much any game I throw at it fine, given the powerful components, when the CPU and GPU are being maxed out, the laptop is pretty loud. The battery life is quite poor for a gaming laptop, I can get around 2 hours of light usage from this laptop.
If you get this laptop, I would recommend the 16GB of RAM model, I bought the 8GB model, then upgraded it to 16GB myself as it was a lot cheaper. The 1TB Hard Drive that is included for storage is a slow 5400rpm hard drive, if you want to reduce load times on a larger game that does not fit on the 256GB solid state drive, I would suggest upgrading that.
Love it.
Great laptop, runs all my games at highest settings.
Feels sturdy and solid, but is a big laptop.. this isn't recommended for portable gaming

Overall a great purchase for myself tho.

This device is wonderful, and all the positive points have been made in other reviews which I agree with. To add to this, in order to avoid power limit throttling on the 8750H processor, I recommend undervolting it by -150mV in the Intel Extreme Tuning Utility. This got me roughly 10-20% more performance in games that were struggling. Also, depending on the fan mode, lower throttles may be set by the BIOS, so avoid "Silent" where possible.
I recently bought a NextBase DashCam to replace an old camera that had failed, I put my memory card from my old camera into the Nextbase one but I was having some odd issues with it that I reported to NextBase. They identified that the memory card I was using was the reason I was having issues and recommended a SanDisk product.

I ordered this card and it has been the solution to the issues I had, my DashCam now works faultlessly.

The card arrived next day and was shipped with a Micro SD card adapter.

The old card is a SanDisk but was not one that could write data at the speeds the dashcam uses.

Overall have had and will continue to use SanDisk drives they have always been reliable and trustworthy, I have had Kingston and Samsung disks that have failed and lost data, never had an issue like this with SanDisk.
Could not use this card at all. When plugged in, the card shows up (sometimes) as a 119 or 120 GB storage device (different sizes I know right?) and then the information disappears from the screen followed by an error message. Most of the times the card doesn't show up at all and i am greeted by one of the error messages I posted in the screenshots. I also checked the card with various SD card software and none of them can make sense of it. Even the serial number in the back doesn't make sense, cannot be verified and it is blacked out being very hard to read without a magnifier. Even the adapter looks fake. Will be returning this 100%.

Edit: Got a replacement and this one works well so far. Will keep you posted.
Thanks Amazon Customer Service. Good Job.Got this for my Nintendo switch just to give a bit more memory...works as it should with no issues.
Would recommend. 
I write this review based on my decades of experiences as a consumer and user of all manner of devices that use SD cards.

Bought to work with a car cam, the card was easy to install. Formatting with my equipment was just a matter of following the instructions.

Having used the camera for a day, I decided to check that which was being recorded.

I used the supplied adaptor to return this micro card to full size. I have an appropriate reader on my laptop and after a few clicks was watching my journey of a few hours before.

Overall, the card although more expensive than many similar sized cards is of a brand that is known to and trusted by me.

I am a prime member so a little of the sting was removed as there was no delivery charge.

Overall, does what it is supposed to do.
This was my first foray into the world of tabletop RPGs and the D&D Player's Handbook made it a painless experience. The rules are logically organised, fairly simple, and clearly written. The book is beautifully illustrated and comes packed not only with rules, but also useful guidance on getting the best out of your game (e.g., interesting story hooks for characters or tips on how to effectively relax into roleplaying).

As the DM for our group, I need to frequently look up rules during play and I am almost always able to locate them quickly and, if not, the index is quite effective.

If you are really new and want to test the water before spending the money (and time!) on this substantial book, I can also recommend the D&D Starter Set, which has everything you need to get going in a streamlined and cheap package (including a very good first adventure).
Great pack of dice, couldn't get better. Test them using the salt test. This is where you fill a glass with water, put in 10 teaspoons of salt, stir it, then throw in the dice. After the dice start floating, you spin the dice. If the dice show the same number every time, youi have got useless dice. These ones however, showed different numbers, so they are perfect. They also come with high-quality bags for storage. Highly recommend.
Really lovely sets of dice and the bags are very convenient too. I like the Black and White the most and green is pretty nice too but I don't really like the contrast on the red set and the purples don't go well with those bright gold numbers but that is my preference :D. In addition, I find it strange that the d6 is so large and the d4 is so small but again that is something I am personally used to. 
I bought this to try out some smart home features and to allow control of some lights. I already had Orvibo sockets which are connected and controlled over WIFi but wanted something that gave better control and would connect to IFTTT (If THIS then THAT).

I wasn't sure how well the transmitter/receiver box would work but ended up with this in a downstairs room near to where the sockets are and near a Powerline internet socket. After plugging in the adapters I easily managed to synch these to the box and control over the Mihome app. The app is basic but does the job and you could set timers here reasonably easy but as the products connect to IFTTT it's easy to set more complex controls. I have these set so that when IF knows it's Sunset (from the weather app) it will switch all the sockets on. There is a short delay for the box to receive the command and to carry it out but this isn't too much of an issue and these particular sockets are receive only so you can't tell if the command has actually worked (Energenie do another adapter that does do this.)

I've been very happy with this setup, so much so that I've added two twin wall sockets and three radiator TRV's (I'll review these separately but they connect and control with the transceiver with no problems at all, even though the TRV's are upstairs well away from the box)

Energenie are adding to the range with wall and light sockets, available in white, Chrome, Nickel black & Brushed Stainless Steel and are reasonable priced on a par or better value than Lightwave RF. The Energenie sockets though are much easier to connect to and have better connectivity and control. I'm hoping they'll do a double light socket soon, as most of the lights I'd like to control are doubles, and would happily add to Smart Home components.

Pleased as needed a lighter hairdryer as my joints are very bad and the big ones too heavy for me to keep up in the air whilst blowdrying my hair.
So was worried if one of these small one's would be strong enough as my professional one but it is and its nice and light and does the job great.
I bought my last hairdryer for £5, over 20 years ago and it finally went to the great hairdresser's in the sky
I was bereft!
I decided the best thing to lift my cloud of grief was to look for a new one....


I've only had this product for 24 hours but so far I absolutely love it. Smart hub set up and app set up was easy. Connecting the plugs to the smart hub was simple however, there didn't seem to be instructions as to how to set up the physical remote (hold plug button down until red light blips and then press 'on' on the remote for the slot that you want to use). Faffing around looking for the remote set up instructions took more time that setting up everything else.

In terms of product use, I am more than happy. There is definitely a lag if your phone isn't on the WiFi (i.e. away from home) but that is expected. When connected to the WiFi (at home), the plugs are pretty responsive (up to 2-3 seconds wait I would say). I also have a plug in another wall and it still receives the signal even though there are 2 walls in the way (but only about 5 metres) which I am impressed with.

This is great!! Small but mighty and light of weight and dried my hair in under 10 minutes!!! Impressive

I hope this gives me as many years of service as my previous little dryer...
Only issue is, the red D20 in my set has a habbit of getting natural 20s for insignificant rolls and crit fails during important rolls. Thankfully that's only with me and I prefer the white set anyway - especially whilst DMing as they feel more ethereal.
For a relatively trivial sum, you get five sets of dice (D20, D12, D10, D8, D6, D4 and percentile) with each set in a different colour. You also five small black pouches to store the sets in or, if you prefer, you can store them all in one big pouch with a drawstring. A good buy for D&D players.
The fabric is thin light, similar to the raincoat. Delivery sdek. How to behave in the rain i do not know yet. I will write in addition. Bad that do not sew according to our size
So far so good. This camera takes really good photos. It has a lot of different options on the menu but I am just using it on intelligent automatic as I don't want to be messing around with shutter speeds and exposure etc.
Needed a camera for my social media (YT, Instagram) and this is the perfect choice. Full HD video with 4K photos. And a flip up screen for vlogging which is a bonus, highly recommend
What a brilliant little camera this is...So pleased with it and takes awesome photo's... Great buy!!!
Huge zoom for such a small camera. Very fast start up - you can take a picture or video very quickly after switching on. High quality video. Love the screen flip up so can see yourself if talking into the camera for video or if taking a selfie. Clear screen even in sunlight - cannot see the point of including the viewfinder as additional option as screen perfectly visible. Great quality video and pictures. Like the colour choice.
This is perfect for my use, compact and packed with features. I originally bought the Yi M1 mirrorless camera, which I was so disappointed I returned it due to a terrible app. This app is so good, from remote control to NFC one Touch to my Google Pixel phone, and automatically transfers the new photos, as it turns off, genius. Lovely to look at in White, the zoom is amazing. The autofocus is way superior to the Yi M1 so is the image stabilization. Great price off Amazon, would definitely recommend
So glad we defected from Apple to these! We wanted to replace our iPads as they were out of scope for iOS updates, but obviously anything Apple is so expensive. We got two of these Fire tablets for a fraction of a full price cheapest Apple tablet. If your whole life is intrinsically linked together in every way via Apple then you probably won't like these, but we like them for that very opposite reason! Very user friendly and very pleased with them and highly recommend.
Got it on sales with prime day. I didn't expect something this good at that price.
It is mostly made of plastic but is still of good quality

The screen is just beautiful, bright and the colours are really nice.
The screen ratio is 16/9, making it perfect for watching films and TV series, or read comics.

The FireOS isn't bad and allows you to install external Android apps (I know this is important to many users like me).

A few minor downsides:
- It lacks a few functionalities, like using a different keyboard and the amazon app store is lacking many apps but you can work around it.
- The blue light filter is weird and makes the screen either red or orange.
- The homepage isn't user friendly and you can't create a favourite page with only the apps you use the most.
I have used this product for years but it seems to have been discontinued where I live. it is brilliant for hiding my very dark circles around my eyes and seems to condition the skin as well. it is also good for putting on wrinkles to disguise them.
Worth the money i buy these every month, its not the best concealer in the world but it is good. Rimmel is my favourite make up so i always trust everything they do.
Worked for professional video use. I do not wear makeup in my personal life, as my skin is far too snsitive for dailly wear, but this was the perfect cover for professional videos.
I use this to hide some red patches and it blends into skin so well I don't need to cover my whole face with product. It looks the same in the evening as it did first thing in the morning. I set it using rimmels instant powder. I now save so much time in the morning and look much more natural. it is so good!
Great concealer, great for dark circles under eyes and easy to apply and blend. Would definitely recommend.
Very good quality! Easy to use fast charging. it is a beuty full watch bought it for my daughter for Xmas. Great group of classic games, keeps the children entertained for hours.
Nice game console，bought it for my child.they like it very much.happy with rechargeable battery，it can works quite long time.Also all games are working well.
 Amazing little game console. Have many FC game. Pocket size, easy to carry. Love it!
gift for children birthday,he very happy.thanks

Love my new laptop, lightweight and compact with the features I was after. The opening of this does take getting used to, very subtly built on the front. Very little noise and heat produced. Keyboard is not the best, but definitely usable. The touch screen is a nice addition that makes it more versatile. The small screen is a drawback because you have to zoom in a lot to get a decent font size but for the compactness and lightweight frame, totally worth it. i am going to expand the SSD eventually, it is cheaper than the 256GB one which only offers a minor improvement in processing speed between i5 to i7.
Nice laptop but be aware it is not the latest core processor, it is 7th Gen dual band and there are now 8th Gen quad processor. Be aware of this unlike me who assumed because it said "newest" it was a 2018 model which it isn't...

I have been building and upgrading PC's for around six years now and this is by far the most expensive video card I have ever purchased. Luckily I managed to buy this card around a fortnight before the cryptocurrency market inflated the price of these GPU's.

All my games run considerately better then when I was using my older video card. (I had a GTX760)
The card is well built, the built in fan is quiet and keeps the card cool. I won't be upgrading anytime soon. Couldnt ask for more from this graphics card. in a custom rig, i dont need any support to hold it up what so ever looks great performs sweet as a nut. I run everything on ultra and I get 60fps easily. not sure why you would look elsewhere for a 1070 as this out preforms everything. buy it and enjoy.
The card arrived, in perfect order, ready for inserting into my Mac Pro 3,1. The web drivers have been downloaded ready for connection tomorrow. I hope to repeat this review some weeks later to explain how this card has managed. I am not a gamer in the conventional sense, but enjoy flight simulation in X Plane version 11. The 8 gb of Vram should meet all the needs of Flight Simulation. I also dabble with photoshop and audio manipulation so the card should be helpful there. This card was chosen for for its two hdmi outlets, which will be connected to 32 inch external monitors, the DVI connector running the main monitor in ultrahd mode.

Excellent graphics card for gaming. As GPU prices are still quite high this card is an excellent option.
With 8GB of VRAM this Card will be able to run practically any game out there at Ultra Settings with ease. I personally have maxed out the settings on Black Ops 4 with this card running at 1080p and it handles it like a champ.

You also have the option to change colours on the graphics card which is a nice touch. However do keep in mind this card is quite big and long so make sure before purchasing that it will fit inside your case.
Along with my Core i7 4790k (4.4ghz) this runs my Oculus Rift beautifully.
This has no led rgb lighting frills.
And I was a little disappointed that it has no back plate.
But the performance more than makes up for it. Not noisy under load, cools itself quite well. Enjoying pixel density at 2.0 for the first time in a lot of titles. And Elite Dangerous is incredible with HMD quality at 2.0!
Oh man, this is one blisteringly good graphics card. The price was a bit steep because both NV and AMD were trying to keep the price high to take advantage of all the blockchain people, but this version is brilliant for gaming. Hardly any games I can lay my hands on run at anything other than 60fps with all sliders pushed to the right. i have overclocked it slightly and can get some pretty impressive benches for cards of this gen.

i have seen lots of people boasting about their 1080 or 1070ti, but seriously, my monitor is capped at 60fps, so I already get the best possible graphical presentaiton possible. The other cards may run at 70 or 80fps, but my monitor doesn't.
I didn't read the reviews on these Staedtler pencils prior to buying and I now notice how many are poor reviews. So, I ordered my pencils and then dreaded them arriving thinking I'd made a mistake buying them. Well, I ordered and within 2 days they arrived. I opening the box I was disappointed the pencils weren't in a plastic case like my other Staedtler products are but still, it is a nice box and if I'd read the reviews I probably would of know! The pencils are a lovely wide range of colours and I tried each one so I could see for myself how easy they are to colour with and if like the reviews they were going to disappoint. The colour shades are really nice andI have no trouble colouring with them. They're certainly not a disappointment to me! Beautiful shades and I can't wait to get started with them!
Excellent colouring pencils! I purchased x4 packs and we are all delighted with them. My grandchildren had one each and I purchased one for myself as well as I live 300 miles away from my grandchildren. Whilst together at Christmas we produced several pages of designs from colouring books to a high standard. The colours are subtle and of a very wide range. I also purchased Staedler fibre pens from the same range but the coloured pencils I intended more for my youngest granddaughter of 4 as I was not sure where she would use the fibre tip pens (i.e. walls, etc) and did not want her mother getting annoyed with me! Excellent quality and range of colours and I would thoroughly recommend this purchase!
it is a real shame that AMD failed so horribly to impress with the Vega mk.1 cards. I have every hope they can rescue the situation with the Vega Mk.2
I love, love, LOVE these pens!

Firstly the colour range in the pack is great, and even on their own i have found i have always had a nice selection of colours to choose from when using them. i have found the colours to be quite vibrant. The aesthetics of the pens are also great, they're easy to hold and use, and i have mostly found them to glide on paper when i am using them. The colours are strong, but I haven't found them to come through onto the other side of a page yet which is also great. That will obviously depend on the quality of the paper being used I guess tho.

I bought these instead of buying a slightly different pack which was £10 more expensive, at first I was apprehensive as I though maybe I wouldn't get the quality, but I have been plesently surprised. A friend bought the more expensive pack and when we compared them the only difference was the color shade, obviously hers were slightly different to mine, and she actually wished she'd of bought these instead. I used them a fair amount in my coloring books and they are still going strong, another positive.
These are great felt-tip colouring pens. I bought this pack some time ago, and only got round to using them recently (after storing them in a draw for a year) - but they work perfectly, and haven't dried out at all. There are 20 pens in total - each a different colour. They're well-made and come in a transparent plastic wallet.

Together with my young nephews, i have used these for arts & crafts purposes. The ink is water-based, so it easily wipes off your hands (and washes out of clothing). Given their quality, these pens are reasonably priced. I highly recommend these for children and adults alike!
Fantastic pens.
Good colours, nice and bright.
Used extensively for those adult colouring books which my daughter loves.
They don't dry out and are lasting AGES.
My little monkey never puts the lids on properly so her pencil case is like a rainbow with staining from these and they still work.
The lids need a good push until clicked.
Probably cheaper than the ones from the market with how long they are lasting, better colours too.
Strong nibs as my little lad abuses his big sisters pens and they are still fine.
Well chuffed with these.
Fantastic value and great screen. Read lots of reviews on various screens before I bought this one. Had great reviews but was worried that many said it was tilted forward. Screen arrived day after order (not Prime) and was set up in minutes. Screen does title forward but you can tilt it back! Just hold the base and push the screen back!

Picture is very clear and great size. HD movies and pictures look brilliant on it.

Took a day or so to get used to the curve screen but now I love it.
Very Good monitor, way bigger than what i was expecting and I love it! Great for gaming with that 4ms response time and the eye saver mode is really good for long hours of use so your eyes don't get tired. The curve of the monitor is very nice although it takes a bit of time to get used to it, very easy to mount and of course it looks awesome. One of the best purchases i have ever made!
I bought this monitor to use with a MacBook Air and PS4 and I can't find a single fault. From gaming to recoding software it is vivid and really pulls you in with the curve. If you are looking for a new monitor (which if you are reading this I guess you are!) look no further.
Brought this for my boyfriends computer /man cave and wow it is incredible. He loves it! Looks amazing and playing games on it is a whole new experience being curved. Worth the buy!
The monitor is exactly what I wanted - a high productivity, high-frequency display with 21-22 inches to look at. I am not fond of overly large monitors, so finding these tech specs at this size was what initially brought me to the product.

While I cannot comment on the freesynch options of the monitor, as I do not own the right GPU for this, the monitor is a great companion for my gaming sprees allowing excellent manoeuvrability throughout.

Fixing the brightness is probably my biggest issue as I cannot darken the display enough only by using the hardware itself, so I advise downloading and using all accompanying drivers to manage the full spectre (if you're not too lazy).

The monitor came packed with a suitably long HDMI cable, sound and video cords, UK power plug and a software disc. I read that not all sellers provide all cables, so I was more than pleased when I found the whole assortment in the box.

Overall, this is a good LED monitor if you're looking for a budget addition to your everyday experiences, be it gaming or work-related.

I waited for this review to have some experience with the product; i am still happy with my purchase even after the said period.
Great picture quality, crisp and clear. Stylish and easy set up. Worked straight out of the box. Good size. I use it as an additional screen for my laptop. I do graphic design and video editing and the work space on this monitor is perfect. I keep it in the box and bring it out when I need it, clips into the stand easily and securely. Hopefully will save up and get my son one too. He's a gaming YouTuber and he's tried this monitor on his set up and loves it. Very happy. Would recommend.
Excellent mouse for the price. First concerns were for the sluggish way it moved across the mouse mat. Laughingly discovered that the little black pads that allowed it to slide had been protected by a thin transparent film. Removing this covering solved the problem, it now slides beautifully. Software supplied works perfectly on my current operating system (Windows 7 pro 64 bit) and have yet to try it on my Windows 10 64 bit. The only problem I have found with this and several others is the left and right keys are too easily triggered by accident. This could well be my fault (heavy fingers?) so, as usual I have adjusted the sensitivity by sliding a thin layer of spongy material under the front buttons to get the required pressure resistance. i am using the mouse all the time now and friends always comment favourably about the slow colour changing mode, which matches my current keyboard of the same make. Buy with confidence.
I usually use a LOT more expensive mice from Corsair with my main gaming rig. I bought THIS mouse to use with an old laptop i am turning into an old game machine (Win7 + Intel HD Graphics = perfect combo for legacy games, trust me!) and to have as a backup, since I realized I gave away all my old mice to a friend as hand-me-downs, leaving me with nothing in case my own breaks down.
The criterion was simple: Cheap, but must have thumb buttons and must be wired (if i am gonna use it for any gaming...those who have high refresh rate screens and used both wired and wireless mice will know what I mean).
So I got the mouse. 12 quid with next-day delivery - awesome deal in my book! Opened the amazon package - bland box inside. Well - at least they're not spending money on fancy boxes with embossing, print and magnet latches (those are damn expensive to make, I can tell you that much as someone working in the graphics industry) and rather put the money into the product. Inside the box you have the mouse, a manual and a driver CD. Easy enough.
The build quality of the mouse - surprisingly good! it is a fair chunk lighter than my Corsair (which has weights), but not in a bad way - it is perfectly usable. LEDs pulsate, which is a nice touch for those who like it, they change color with the DPI settings. Installing the driver lets you change all the colors along with the polling rate, apparently (I haven't done that yet, so I'll update the review as I use the mouse more). The mouse feels good in my hand, it is about the same size and height as my Corsair, which is good for my man-sized hands. Teflon feet slide smoothly on my mouse mat, nothing unusual there.

One problem I had with it at the start was that it wobbled sideways a bit, making a sound - imagine a table with one leg slightly shorter than the other 3 - that sort of a thing. I had a look and found that one of the teflon feet was slightly bigger than the "frame" it was supposed to sit inside, and was standing out a bit. So I simply peeled that edge up a bit, cut the extra teflon off and all is good!

For 12 quid (including next-day delivery) - I really can't complain! It has features that you'd expect from a much more expensive mouse and it doesn't feel cheap. I haven't yet tested the mouse on my 165Hz screen (that's the true test for any mouse!), but I will update this review when I do.
 Very comfortable mouse, super sensitive clicks as well, something I am definitely going to get used to. Also comes with a little over 4 feet/ 150cm/60 inches of cable so if you need that extra length, it is there! Before I purchased this, I was using a mouse with rather rougher clicks, so it will be something of a learning curve. Highly recommended! The gaming laptop I intend to use it with, is coming in time for my birthday at the end of Oct 2017, can't wait to see how this baby properly runs, after which I will edit this review to incorporate my impressions on how it performs!
My first 'proper' pen tablet, and while i am still on the learning curve i am very happy with my purchase. Lightweight slimline design, sturdily built and was so easy to set up and connect via cable, then bluetooth. Slips into my laptop case alongside my laptop, adds very little depth to the case so very easy to transport when needed. Included software bundle easily downloaded and installed with no problems and there is lots of online tuition to help in the learning process for these applications.
Wanted it for the Bluetooth feature. My last tablet was Connected by usb to laptop.

Brought this for my elderly mother in law who wanted a lightweight hairdryer as she has problems holding it due to arthritis.

I read the reviews here & although is is not a travel hairdryer (what she originally asked for), I felt this was a much better option. Most travel hairdryers only have one heat setting & are not as powerful as 'normal' hairdryers. This one is very lightweight & has enough power to ensure my mother in law can dry her hair quickly without any issues with her arthritic hand. The price of the product was amazing & as mother in law is extremely happy, that makes me extremely happy.
Great hairdryer especially as I suffer from arthritis in my hands so the weight was a big thing for me no problems would recommend to friends or any one with the same medical problem, I spent a lot on small travel hairdryers then cam across this one would purchase again fantastic.
An essential for anyone! it is not as loud as other hair dryers. i have had mine for over a year and it is still working perfectly.

These excellent replacement brushes are compatible 100%, feel like the originals. They fits and works well, seems like a great product. Great product at great price. I would reccomend.

Perfectly decent little hair dryer - nothing fancy in terms of functions - its either cool or hot, low speed or high speed - no 'in-between' temperatures or speeds.

I use this with a bonnet to achieve indirect heat and Ive been very pleased so far. My hair is so low-porosity its ridiculous, so if I want any treatments to penetrate into my hair instead of sitting on my hair like a gross film, I literally need to set it into my hair strands with small amounts of heat from the hair dryer and bonnet (I alternate between temperatures a lot, during each session.) i have just started using this technique and this hair-dryer is doing a fine job.
The usb is great for charging and connection. Charges pretty quick by plugging it into the wall with an adapter.
I enjoy using it for art and animation, and osu!. it is pretty great and it wasn't all to difficult to setup. You basically download a driver and then it is just plug and play (i am on an old MacBook).
It is comfortable to hold and use though perhaps nibs are wearing down pretty quickly because it begins to feel a little bit scratchy in places.
This is the second Wacom tablet i have bought for my daughter now. The first was the small one. She absolutely LOVES it. The small one we bought about 5 years ago when she was just dipping her fingers into digital/animation drawing. Now she is doing her degree in it and finds this tablet so handy, she can throw it in her bag and connect it up to her laptop or a desk top at home or in Uni. She has arthritis but this is light enough for her to manage and so far has no complaints about battery life. The price we paid was amazing!! And it was excellent order to delivery time.
Having owned my Cintiq for nearly a week now, I would like to give a quick concise review:
Despite being advertised as 27, the item probably totals around 35 inches, so make sure you have a lot of space.
I run an relatively high end system, any comments about input delay have been non-existant for me.
The textured glass is a huge improvement for anyone moving from a tablet without it, for me it was an intuos 4.
Some complaints have arisen from the touch ring being too sensitive, I believe it is more sensitive than the one on my intuos 4 but it is not unbearable, just needs a bit of getting used to. The other express keys work very well, and are placed on a remote which seats on either side of the screen magnetically, which is helpful and fairly comprehensive for customisation.
The distance between the glass and the screen is minimal, some people have voiced minor issues with this, however it has not affected me in the slightest, and is therefore to me a non issue.
There are some horror stories involving driver issues, however these seem to stem from Mac users, a simple driver uninstall from my old tablet and then installing the Cintiq ones has yielded zero issues for me on my windows machine.
Sensitivity is excellent, coupled with the drawing display this truly is a step up from my intuos and allows me to get away with a lot more in my illustrations; this is to say I spend less time removing and redrawing as I find myself hitting the lines I want in a drawing in fewer tries.
Finally, the working space is incredible and allows a very generous portion of the screen to draw on whilst also having reference images and Photoshop tools at hand, a minor inconvenience I found using my intuos and monitors.

For me it really is a step up for artistry, painting & illustration, and truly feels like a digital canvas with supreme accuracy and no input delay.
I hope you found this review helpful and concise, and helped bust some issues other users have been facing. Thanks for reading.
Excellent, essential kit for professional illustrators, comic artists & storyboarders - not faff free on setting up, but what tech is? Usually switching off and on irons out probs, tho had to reset the cursor a few times at the beginning, but no problem now. Mine is connected to a macbook pro 15" 2012. I connected an apple keyboard via usb into the cintiq, it does have an on-screen keyboard but this is too small & pretty useless.

Thing is, I love it.

Would advise chucking the chunky pen that wacom always supply with their tablets and buying the 'classic', a slimmer pen that wacom SHOULD supply as default with all their tablets, but then they wouldn't be able to screw their customers out of so much money. However, nothing, in my view, can compete with the cintiq for professional use. Buy yourself a smudge glove, plus some may find the extortionately expensive stand useful. Rotate tool doesn't work properly in manga studio 5 (not a big deal for me) but is great in photoshop. I also use Flash and find the cintiq works well with it, esp freehand drawing, very smooth.

No lag issues experienced.

If you're used to graphics tablets (i used an intuos 4) then the jump to cintiq is probably smoother than from using a mouse/trackpad. It took me maybe a day or two to feel completely comfortable with it. Look after it, keep it clean, change nibs if in regular use.
I have to admit that I had very high hopes for this tablet, and it has supassed all of them! The picture quality is sublime. It is highly responsive and works really well with Windows 8. it is great for watching videos and playing games as well!
I primarily use it with Zbrush and Corel Painter 2015 and it works like a dream. The pen is really responsive and the remote is a great asset.
My computer is a Lenovo Erazer X510 with an Nvidia GTX760 graphics card, and the only problems I have are because the card struggles a bit with the more demanding Zbrush features.

All in all, this is a fantastic bit of kit and I would strongly recommend it to anyone who is interested in digital art and wants to take their skills to the next level!
i am really happy with this purchase so far.
I was worried at first as the delivery man just dumped it into the hallway of my home, with a big thud from it is weight. But no issues have been found.
So far I have only been using Photoshop on it, and it has been wonderful. There were faults at first with Wacom and Photoshop CS6 but after research that has always been an issue that has never been fixed. But after getting the latest Photoshop it works perfectly.
The pen is extremely responsive and I have not experienced any driver issues at all!
it is unfortunate that I am saving to buy the stand due to the stands cost.. And not have the chance to buy both at the same time. But there again my back would probably give way.
Wacom have done a really good job with this product!
Wow, what a stunning piece of kit, worth every penny for sure, every thing about this product is Quality, sleek design fully adjustable working position, the control over your work is far better than the normal Wacom tablets, the screen is crystal clear, and,put it on an Ergo arm you can use it as a monitor, it is that good, the remote control is a nice and usable addition also can be programmed to suit your preference.
I bought this to start making smoothies for breakfast, plan was to throw a mix of fresh and frozen veg and nuts. I rarely write reviews unless something is terrible or surpasses my expectations. This is brilliant. Very simple to use, I generally use the "blend" button for fresh stuff and ultra blend if I have ice or frozen fruits and veg (although you can manually stop and start it or use pulse as well). You press it once and it starts a 60 second timer and stops and starts it self to get the perfect smoothie after 60 seconds. This is a permanent resident on my kitchen worktop now. The main reason I love it is its very easy to clean, u can drink it in the same container you mixed it by changing the top and theres no nucks and crannies to clean.
Why did I waste so much money buying cheap blenders instead of buying this straight away? it is amazing! It blends my protein shakes and frozen fruit effortlessly. I love the iq feature too, blending in short bursts to make sure all ingredients are blended perfectly. The cups are great sizes, firs lots of ingredients in. Highly recommended.
This thing is seriously SERIOUSLY good at what it does. I was recommended this by someone who uses it daily to make almond flour from almonds, protein shakes, smoothies and the rest. He has the 900W I have the newer 1000W.

